Feature/build push assets mode (#91)
inpsyde/reusable-workflows: docs/build-and-push-assets.md

In step *2* above, the assets are "built", whatever that means for a package. For maximum
flexibility, the workflow relies on a "script" to be defined in `package.json`. There are two
possible building scripts: a "*dev*" script which is executed on regular pushes to branches, and

> a "*prod*" script, which is executed when a tag is pushed. In case you want to configure when which script is being used, you can set the `inputs.MODE` manually with either `dev` or `prod`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a "*prod*" script, which is executed when a tag is pushed. To override this behavior, define `inputs.MODE' and set it to `dev' or `prod'.

| `COMPILE_SCRIPT_PROD` | `'encore prod'`               | Script added to `npm run` or `yarn` to build production assets                    |
| `COMPILE_SCRIPT_DEV`  | `'encore dev'`                | Script added to `npm run` or `yarn` to build development assets                   |

> | `ASSETS_TARGET_PATHS` | `'./assets'`                  | Target path(s) for compiled assets                                                |
> | `MODE`                | `''`                          | Defines the build mode. Can be either `dev` or `prod`.                            |

Reviewer: Following my previous suggestion (https://github.com/inpsyde/reusable-workflows/pull/91#discussion_r1407517014), let's move `MODE` up.
```suggestion
| `MODE`                | `''`                          | Mode for compiling assets (`prod` or `dev`)                                       |
| `ASSETS_TARGET_PATHS` | `'./assets'`                  | Target path(s) for compiled assets                                                |
```

---

> > Can I decide when to run `COMPILE_SCRIPT_PROD` or `COMPILE_SCRIPT_DEV`?
>  
> Yes, you can define the `inputs.MODE` which is either `dev` or `prod`. Depending on the set value the corresponding script will be executed.
> 
> When left empty, the default logic is applied. So we can define following scenarios:
> 
> | MODE     | scenario            | script                |
> |----------|---------------------|-----------------------|
> | `''`     | push to branch.     | `COMPILE_SCRIPT_DEV`  |
> | `''`     | create release/tag. | `COMPILE_SCRIPT_PROD` |
> | `'dev'`  | _not evaluated_     | `COMPILE_SCRIPT_DEV`  |
> | `'prod'` | _not evaluated_     | `COMPILE_SCRIPT_PROD` |
> 
> **Example:** I want to push to a branch `production` and "production"-ready assets have to be compiled:

Reviewer: Isn't the scenario described in the example the default behavior, so `inputs.MODE` wouldn't be needed?
```suggestion
> Can I decide when to run `COMPILE_SCRIPT_PROD` or `COMPILE_SCRIPT_DEV`?
 
Use the `inputs.MODE` and set it to `dev` or `prod`. Depending on the value, the corresponding script will be executed. When left empty, the default logic is applied.

The following table provides an overview when `COMPILE_SCRIPT_DEV` or `COMPILE_SCRIPT_PROD` is used:

| MODE   | scenario           | script                |
|--------|--------------------|-----------------------|
| `''`   | push to branch     | `COMPILE_SCRIPT_DEV`  |
| `''`   | create release/tag | `COMPILE_SCRIPT_PROD` |
| `dev`  | _not evaluated_    | `COMPILE_SCRIPT_DEV`  |
| `prod` | _not evaluated_    | `COMPILE_SCRIPT_PROD` |

**Example:** I want to push to a branch `production` and "production"-ready assets should be compiled:
```
